In this lesson, you will see methods for
establishing and maintaining the security of a network,
computing environment and all of the applications residing on it.
Throughout the lesson, you will apply your security knowledge to identify assets,
applications and system settings on computer systems,
analyze vulnerabilities and threats to
that target system and recommend and apply basic security controls.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to categorize the asset, risks,
threats, vulnerabilities and exploits.
Identify organizational assets,
analyze vulnerabilities and risks to those organizational assets,
and recommend and apply basic security controls.
Let's dive into this lesson.